feat(core): add ModuleWithProviders generic type migration (#33217)
angular/angular: packages/core/schematics/migrations/module-with-providers/README.md

## ModuleWithProviders migration

> `ModuleWithProviders` type will not default to the `any` type for its generic in a future version of Angular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ModuleWithProviders` type will not default to the `any` type for its generic in a future version of Angular. This migration adds a generic to any `ModuleWithProvider` types found.
```

## ModuleWithProviders migration

Automatically migrates `ModuleWithProviders` to include explicit generic typing. The 

> `ModuleWithProviders` type will not default to the `any` type for its generic as of v9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ModuleWithProviders` type will not default to the `any` type for its generic in a future version of Angular.
```
